OADP backup-restore single VM (#86693)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-restore-single-vm.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/installing-oadp-kubevirt.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oadp-restore-single-vm_{context}"]
= Restoring a single VM

After you have backed up a single virtual machine (VM) by using the label selector in the `Backup` custom resource (CR), you can create a `Restore` CR and point it to the backup. This restore operation restores a single VM.

.Prerequisites

* You have installed the {oadp-short} Operator.
* You have backed up a single VM by using the label selector.

.Procedure

. Configure the `Restore` CR as shown in the following example:
+
.Example `Restore` CR
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: velero.io/v1
kind: Restore
metadata:
  name: vmrestoresingle
  namespace: openshift-adp
spec:
  backupName: vmbackupsingle # <1>
  restorePVs: true
----

> <1> `vmbackupsingle` is the name of the backup of a single VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Specifies the name of the backup of a single VM.
```

https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-capitalization#general-text
> Do not start a sentence with a lowercase term; rewrite the sentence.

. To restore the single VM, run the following command:
+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f <restore_cr_file_name> # <1>
----

> <1> Specify the name of the restore CR file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Specify the name of the `Restore` CR file.
```
